one wants to tell now come to a first video
The Innsbrucker have as a first I really do not have what many very
Interested
Chip 6 percent I can do a lot more but the ones I can I'll give you
show again
the first one is the so-called 4th
the files have to be made says
and husband best for starters on chips
Reason the Diekmann so in the hand that between
lie to the two children here
and preferably between the three
You just pull at the front
about these
annaberg-buchholz Niemann
the rest
but again suppressed
invest
that's how you would say
Penske following simple physics
in the opinion of Hecking the Program Advisory Board virtually fake
since
Man's slow make her a bit more difficult
but I think you have
so reasonably
as she is misunderstood
how it works
where that was Jett wears number one more
will follow
and Pröll if the video Weinert make you why high
and then where I stand
of course you can also videotape this channel for more
videos
otherwise
have fun commenting
Of course we can protest this video again on the weekend
then you can fix it again
also show or
6 who commissioned me would be interested
for Intel after the autopsy is
until then and have not had much fun